enh(aruba doc pages) (#4347)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/network-aruba-aoscx-snmp.md

## Pack assets

> > Note: Since Hp acquired Aruba, some MIB may have changed and some Aruba equipment can now be supervised by the [HP Procurve SNMP](network-switches-hp-procurve-snmp.md) connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Since HP acquired Aruba, some MIBs may have changed. If your Aruba device is no longer correcty monitored by the Aruba connector, use the [HP Procurve SNMP](network-switches-hp-procurve-snmp.md) connector instead.
```
